Update installation.md with pipx instructions (#204)
GourmandRecipeManager/gourmand: docs/installation.md

```sh
python3 -m gourmand
```

> ### Windows 11 WSL, Ubuntu (24.04.2) and Pipx

Author: Sounds great, thank you for the guidance.

These instructions have been tested for standalone Ubuntu 24.04.2 and Windows 11 WSL running Ubuntu 24.04.2 and might work on other systems.

> [Pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/installation/) is a tool  to help you install and run end-user applications written in Python. Below the process for Ubuntu is shown.  Please follow the installation instructions on the pipx website for other OSes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/installation/) is a tool to help you install and run end-user applications written in Python. Below the process for Ubuntu is shown. Please follow the installation instructions on the pipx website for other operating systems.
```

Install pipx:

> ```sh

Reviewer: Please follow the formatting from above, leaving an empty line before each code block.

sudo apt install pipx
pipx ensurepath
source ~/.bashrc
```

Use pipx to install gourmand:
```sh
pipx install gourmand
```

> Alternatively, optional extras can be installed as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, optional extras can be installed as well:
```
